one or two maybe already developed you know by our team member is that something usable or you guys have to you know reassess that or or start from scratch um so yeah if you could give us an okay the time frame if we start if we start working you know let's say now how long it's going to take to be live and that monthly fee that you are telling you know i am expecting it includes building the platform where you know you are creating accounts in our company name for cloud any cloud service that you think you know we should be using you will be creating accounts for that company in donnelly's name whatever is required where other people they just log into that platform and they do their job without having any um slowness you know if depending on the number of users doing the same task same agent you know so all that you know thing is part of the um setting up the infrastructure right is that cool like you know the monthly fee would include from start to go live yeah our monthly fee doesn't include any doesn't have any variables we think that one payment that you guys do with our partnership it includes everything from auditing to building to optimizing everything and about the implementation time that you asked it's usually from 45 to 60 days depending also on the complexity it can go even higher than that or lower if the automation is simpler so it's on that time frame and yet it's all on your infrastructure it's all included on that monthly fee so so let's say you know we we're talking about these sevens maybe between 45 to 60 days developed platform is built can we say after 60 days we are live you say about one agent or all of them all of them yeah we usually work with one implementation at a time so as these are more agents you have seven i would say that to implement all of them of course that we need to go deep on the details to understand everything i would say a time like six months to implement everything six months yeah we usually go the set the time a little higher because if if we have any problems during the development phase we don't want you like to be expecting to be delivered in three and we deliver it in six we always like to put the time higher to not have problems our relationship so so the the the testing will be done by you or by our team? Both. Collaboration, yeah, that makes sense. Okay, okay. So what we're looking for, you know, like if we stick with this seven and we don't add more, you think, you know, it can take up to six months when everything is upturning, but we can have one by one, each page end will be going live as it's developed, right? yes so after six months then we can maybe discuss about you know that 25% fee for ongoing support yes would you be able to you know send me a kind of proposal the way you your team can work with us and how like the time frame referencing about this slide that we discussed today okay based on this you know if we have to start working this is the way we see we'll be working with the starting this project scope or whatever um but it's like you said you know these are not seven to you you think you know these are seven plus five yeah yeah we will serve agents no i mean like within submittal and project scope if we are listing three separate tasks um you said earlier you know maybe you would like to keep them separate as separate agents or they can be sub-agents under the middle yeah they can be sub-agents like the i think that we need to go a little bit deeper to have a hundred percent of of sure what to do okay yeah but so that's fair so yeah if you could you know just you know give us that the kind of proposals and i can do you want me to include this the slide that we showed you before or just the proposal with the details that we discussed i think you know if you showed this our slide with the proposal that would be better because the other information you showed us is kind of generic and the owner he has only understands and realizes the need so we are just telling you what we already has you know realized or based on which you know he already has made the decision to go you know like in AI solution so we don't need to really teach him what AI is okay great we include just the commercial information then yeah let's talk about token usage right they said don't use cloud like that was a concern this call is going to end in a minute should I send another link on email or do you think this time is I think we covered everything today so Brandon has a quick question before we get disconnected just about the token usage I know you guys said that you guys aren't really using Claude and we've met with other AI companies where the token issue with developing these agents and then having multiple users using them at the same time and then we'd have an instance where we would run out of tokens and one project management team wouldn't able to use the agent would that be something that we wouldn't have to have a concern with because it seemed like you guys are not using clawed i know tokens is a pretty universal um you know currency if you will but just some clarity yeah we usually do yeah great question it's about to win i think you should send out the link as the call is about to drop i'll resend right you send another link so we can clarify that brandon it's quickly we just happen around on the call quickly. Yeah, sure. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Here you are, Rick. Sorry for that Nah, it's fine But Enzo will continue I will better go, unfortunately Hey, Enzo Yes Oh, I had left this limit, just kidding. On this account, I didn't... It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It's a minute that opened the door. Do you have a good feeling? Huh? Do you have a good feeling? Me? I do, I do. I do, I think the people liked it a lot. Yeah, I think the people liked it. What was the email from... Archado, it's from I-R Archado. No, no, no. It's not from Archado, it's from... Brandon? The one who was with us, the... Brandon. Brandon, let me see here. Brandon Leo Brandon Leo Achou? Ja, ainda não Você tem a minha ideia? Você mandou para o achar? I sent it to Achad and Tom. Tom didn't see it, he's in the other meeting, he didn't finish his other meeting. I'm calling the message. But their projects must apply exactly to Xtreme, right? Basically the same thing, that's what we were talking about, the construction companies have more or less the same system, right, but they are on another scale, they are, they have their energy division with a completely separate thing, you know, so they have a building for construction, a building for energy, which is not the same company, but they are two different companies, you know? So he put the energy division that he is wanting to implement in one company, but it is one thing completely separate from the other, it will not integrate with the first five tasks that they are wanting. And today I tell you the following, the majority of the components that are here in the United States are with this same problem. So it usually depends about the test that you need to do, but we have some techniques that we can use to not suffer a lot from this token issue because the whole market suffers from this. So usually we use a lot of skills to don't need to reinsert the context on the AI. We use a lot of model routing based on the complexity of the task. So a higher difficulty test, we usually use a better model and as it goes. But the main attention that we put into is to the context engineering side of things because we need to work with external context, your cloud.md, your rules, your project information, and all of this to really we can have like a... How can I explain? A good context engineering side of things, you know? So the AI can know everything about your project, how it needs to run the task, every little detail so it doesn't need to keep working to understand everything a lot of the time you know yeah like i know like uh in claude if you create a project it's like you don't have to re-explain any of that information so it's like you know it knows if you you can even put files into it like i've developed a couple of my own projects just for certain workflows that you know i know could be automated um okay so that's interesting it's more about the the context engineering and using those skills and i know some skills use more tokens like if you're doing powerpoint using a powerpoint skill that's a heavy token usage because it's analyzing images and text so that's understandable okay so it's really just about how you're you know kind of uh taking shortcuts in terms of the engineering side of things yeah because 80 percent of the the context engineering side of things is on the cloud.md because if you the cloud.md is basically your global rules of the project and if you don't have like a a good document the agent need to go through all of your files to understand your project it needs to read every one of them understand analyze and do this this work on the loop until it has a good good knowledge of everything you're trying to work but if we have a good context engineer on your cloud.md he knows where he needs to navigate where he can go get resources how he needs to act and he follows always the same linear path you know so the token usage will be a lot lower than it would be if we we didn't have like this this context engineering awesome okay perfect that makes total sense okay great okay everyone i really appreciate for your time and eric thank you very much for taking the time from your vacation you should be it's it's a player you should be in good hands And I hope Enzo and his team can help you guys. This is going to be a win-win situation for both of you. You know, these guys are the best out here in Brazil. They come from a high-level team. So, you know me for a while, I will not recommend anybody that's not capable to help and implement, you know, after they understand everything. You know, just implement everything that you need. So, I have a question for Enzo. Enzo, are you familiar with Procore? which one which in the day all day okay so no I thought maybe wasn't popular in Brazil because certain software I heard we have a Daniel Joe boys from Brazil he's an engineer and he said we used different software better than maybe Procore but I thought maybe there are some different construction software more popular there than here no no but we was called every day like all day long no no so it's it's pro cool so it's a pro cool so pro core is not a very popular software down here shot um because i know a few companies down here you know friends that i have that they are builders they do not use pro core here they some guys don't even know maybe anzo knows they are in different state but um over here with the guys that i know they do not work pro coys yeah that's what i heard from daniel geopo you know they said there are many other very powerful software um they have in brazil but my question you know for both ends of it was big so do can they figure out you know if what we are assuming we have the understanding that we can have um our agent link to our Procore account where we have all the drawings and specs we can use to feed to our agent or agent can look at those to produce results. I'm sorry, I understood the cloud code. We never work with Procore. No problem. We can build MCPs or the integration. Yes, we can integrate it with the agents we're going to build. Okay. Perfect. Very good. So I guess, you know, once we go ahead then you will need to work with our IT support company to get access to a network, right? Or if it's going to be all cloud, you won't be dealing with them? I don't know. We need to see if we have some IP limitation or anything like that, so we'll probably have to talk to them, but we'll need to understand that deeper after we understand the process. Okay, sounds good. Thank you. Okay, so we'll send you guys the proposal, and anything that you guys need, you can talk to us. We're always available and again thank you for your time and it was really nice to meet you thank you very much and Enzo you know I just want to mention one thing you know even though our company is very big but our honor is very cheap so if you want to you know create a proposal that really gets his attention ok thank you very much everyone have a good weekend thank you gentlemen thank you so much Eric alright thank you Thank you, Eric. Thank you. Hi, Ian. Hey, Eric. You're the man. You're the man. Your project is very similar to theirs, right? Yes, on a much smaller scale. They use Procore a lot. I use Procore a lot more on their platform. Procore is the following. It has all the projects within Procore. The plans are there, so it is delivered to the architects and engineers, the builders and the subcontractors. So, the architect made a change in the plant in his office, we automatically know in the field. So, it has already avoided all that process of... In the past, when the architect came with a new update of the plant, it was already ready. and you had to take it out, change everything, so it's all live in the case, any change that has happened, we take notes in Procore, we update daily photos, so it's kind of an AI of the construction that is already there, the project manager, exactly, in general, and they use this a lot, and there is integration in Procore, because I also did a research, so there is already integration of EcoProcore, Procore has already updated this, So they are already following what is happening in the world right now. Wonderful, it must be like a notion, but for construction companies, something similar. Exactly. Wonderful. But what we are going to implement for them, we do a good job together so that you can also have something similar. It even stopped here. Are you seeing me? He's trying to give a feedback. And it stopped. He... He was calling here. Rachado is already calling another Brendan. He must be trying to give a feedback. Give a feeling. No, I'll call him soon. But it's easier for me to talk to him than with you. But this is not the first one, a company like this that has here, after you have done this test, everything will be much clearer how it happens here, most companies use the same thing, so this is not going to be the first, Xtreme is not going to be the second, understand? You can rest assured that we will have a partnership there. Cool, very cool. I'm going to bring a lot of leadership here, a lot of work for you, I'm going to learn in this long term. Good, we work together, one helping the other. That's it, always. Wonderful, thank you from the bottom of my heart, man, it was a thousand points there, I have no words. Thank you, thank you for taking a little time there, and anything, you can get in touch with me, We are a lot of friends there, regardless of the work we do. The Rachado, the Dunlop, the Rada, I have easy access to them, the things there, anything you need to count on me. Good. And I'm going to send you a message today, so we can mark the next week's call, so we can see the proposals for the automations. Great. Great. Thank you, brother. A hug. God bless you. A hug. See you. Bye. Thank you for watching. You're welcome. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you. You're welcome. Good night, you wicked idiot! The hell are you doing, pissing in your pants? You're not your father's son, you're the one who gotowned him. You're a相 mutation. And you want to tell me your story? I know it's true. The fuck are you talking about? What? Fuck you! You're a fucking moron! Your father, he is... Are you kidding me? Fuck you! You're a fucking moron, you're the one who gotowned him! Are you kidding me? Fuck you! I won't take it! Thank you. It's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true. But I think now I'm going to put it in the chat of our review. I'm going to think about it a lot. Because I want this presentation to be very good. Presentation in English. I don't know if I'm going to put it in the channel. Because they are, seriously, the biggest client in the world. Because I want the English presentation to be good. I'm going to put it in the channel. But three hours, I'm going to be hungry. I'm going to send you a video. . . . . .